Update thread-and-task-architecture-guide.md (#9073)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/thread-and-task-architecture-guide.md

Requirements for hot add CPU:

- Requires hardware that supports hot add CPU.

> - Requires a supported version of Windows Server Datacenter or Enterprise edition (Starting on Windows 2012 also supported on Standard edition).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Requires a supported version of Windows Server Datacenter or Enterprise edition. Starting with [!INCLUDE [winserver2012-md](../includes/winserver2012-md.md)], hot add is supported on Standard edition.
```
